---
layout: post
title: Privacy Policy for Lynx Telegram Bot (@LynxBR_bot)
hidden: true
---
Before using, you will need to read the privacy policy to understand where your data goes when using this bot. If you don't agree with any of these terms, stop using the bot.

1. Data Collection and Use
- All text messages sent to the Lynx bot, along with their respective identifiers (username and ID), are collected in a secure environment for the developers. This data is used solely for the purpose of improving and debugging the bot and is retained for a period of 60 days before being completely deleted. Also, any messages sended on groups or channels that the bot is present are not collected by privacy reasons.

2. Data Sharing
- Message data, including text and identifiers, is not shared with any companies or third-party entities.

3. Legal Compliance
- In the event of legal action, data will be provided in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.

1. User-Generated Content
- We (the creators, developers, and hosts of the bot) are not responsible for any content generated by users, whether it is triggered by our bot or another.

2. Blocklist System
- We have implemented a blocklist system via user ID. If a user generates inappropriate content or misuses the bot, they will be permanently blocked. If the use of alternative or secondary accounts by a blocked user is detected, those accounts will also be blocked.

2.1. SpamWatch API
- We have implemented a integration with the SpamWatch API to block banned users from there to use the bot. If you are banned from SpamWatch, you cannot use the bot.

3. Source Code
- If you wish to review the source code, please visit the Lynx GitHub Repository (https://github.com/lucmsilva651/lynx/).

4. Terms Modification
- These terms may be changed or invalidated at any time, with or without prior notice.

5. Immediate Cancellation of Terms
- In case of usage block, as mentioned above, the terms will be immediately cancelled for the user.
